artifacts - stores output of processes (csv files, models)
pipeline - list our training pipeline as well as our prediction pipeline
config - we will be storing our configurations
__init__.py - to make that directory (folder) into a package
utils - here we will store our helper functions, common functions
templates - we store our HTML files
static - store our css files, javascript files
notebook - inside this we will be doing our Jupyter Notebook testing
application.py - Flask app

run     pip install e .     this commands automatically identifies your setup.py file and execute it

Set Google Application Credentials in your environment to access your service account and then use that service account to extract data from storage bucket

import os # for path defining we need this library

RAW_DIR = "artifacts/raw" # we need a raw folder inside our artifacts directory and in the raw folder we will be storing all our csv files that we will be getting from our GCP bucket

data = pd.read_csv(file_path,nrows=5000000) # selective data ingestion (only 5m instead of 70m rows)

wordcloud # library for visualization related to text related data

Git will be used for code tracking and DVC will be used for artifacts tracking.
git init
dvc init

.gitignore - write all the files that you want git to ignore during pushing your code

style.css - Make this into a very beautiful website that is related to anime. Use good styling and images you want from web or any other source. Give me external css for this

There are two Dockerfiles, one is for jenkins container, and the Dockerfile in root directory is for project because you have you containerize your whole project

Jenkins is used in an MLOps project to automate the entire machine learning workflow. Instead of manually running commands every time you change your code, Jenkins automatically executes the pipeline.
CI/CD stands for Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (or Continuous Deployment). It is a software development practice that automates building, testing, and deploying applications.
Jenkins is one of the tools used to implement CI/CD.
Jenkins is an open-source automation server that automates the building, testing, and deployment of applications as part of a CI/CD pipeline.

Docker is an open-source containerization platform that allows developers to package an application, along with all its dependencies, libraries, and configuration files, into a lightweight, portable, and isolated unit called a container. This ensures the application runs consistently across different environments, from development to production.

Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) is used to manage, scale, and orchestrate Docker containers.
If Docker packages your application into containers, GKE runs and manages those containers in production.

GitLab itself runs the CI/CD pipeline, so you often don't need Jenkins.